* Chabod Extra Package.

Thanks for purchasing the awesome Chabod portfolio website template.
Please note, that you can also find details of the Chabod extra package online, 
just visit https://getchabod.com/dist/extra-offer .

The Chabod theme comes with an awesome extra offer on every purchase.

** Every purchase of the Chabod portfolio website template, gives buyers Developer services for no extra 
charge!!!

Please note however, that the extra services excludes any backend web developmemt task(like setting 
up the contact form). Netlify provides free automated form handling, so users do not have to worry 
about form handling - if they choose to host their Chabod website on Netlify.

Secondly, the customization and setup service will be on an "as is" basis. This means setup and 
customization will only be on the features currently present on the template. Addition of any extra 
feature wil attract payment.

Finally, Users will purchase the domain and hosting plan of their choice. Only customization and 
setup of the front end aspect of the template will be handled.

* Can't Afford A Domain? - No Problem.

In case you can't afford to buy a custom domain and a hosting plan, there are a number of cool 
ways to host a portfolio website for absolutely free.

Awesome platforms like Netlify and Vercel offers super quick ways to host a website for 
absolutely free.

For Zoe Themes, Netlify wins.

* Why Netlify?

Netlify is one awesome platform that offers free website hosting services. Hosting 
a website on netlify is very easy. Netlify provides a free hosting service that attaches a 
".netlify.app" suffix to whatever website name you choose. Users can add up a custom domain for free 
too - if they have or wish to buy one.

Thats not all, Netlify provides automated form handling. This means even with only the static 
build of Chabod, Netlify helps you handle form submissions without a single line of backend code.
Another thing is that Netlify offers secure hosting(with "https") even though its free.

So Here's a list of some goodies that users will get if their website is hosted on Netlify starter plan.

1. Free website hosting
2. A free ".netlify.app" subdomain - Users can add a custom domain for free as well.
3. Free form handling (100 forms per month)
4. Secure hosting with "https".
5. Free automatic email notifications when site visitors contact you through forms on your website.

* In a summary, this simply means that, you can go ahead to get the Chabod template + the Chabod extra 
package + all the Netlify goodies, for just 15$ - if you choose.

* How To Claim The Extra Package

Claiming your Chabod extra offer is simple.

** Just purchase Chabod, then send an email to hello.zoethemes@gmail.com.

In the email, Kindly attach any prove of your purchase, and in no time, you'll be connected with 
a developer, who'll work with you to set up your new portfolio website - for absolutely no extra charge.